Create ui-c8y-1021-24-1-allow-device-type-dashboards-to-work-for-device-types-containing-a.md (#2715)
Cumulocity-IoT/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/application-enablement/ui-c8y-1021-24-1-allow-device-type-dashboards-to-work-for-device-types-containing-a.md

---
date: ""

> title: allow device type dashboards to work for device types containing a dot (#7774)

Author: The Claude AI suggested to use the following title:
```suggestion
title: Device type dashboards can now be used for device types containing a dot
```

product_area: Application enablement & solutions
change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
component:
  - value: component-YdSEScrEC
    label: Cockpit
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-61863
version: 1021.24.1
---

> allow device type dashboards to work for device types containing a dot (#7774)

Author: The Claude AI suggested to use the following body:
```suggestion
Previously, device type dashboards did not work properly for device types that contained a dot (".") in their name. This has now been fixed. Device type dashboards can be used for all device types, regardless of whether their name contains special characters like dots. This change ensures that users can properly monitor and visualize data for all their device types, including those with names containing dots, enabling them to gain insights into the performance and behavior of these devices.
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previously, device type dashboards did not work properly for devices that contained a dot (".") in their type. This has now been fixed.
```
